docs: define linter deprecated cycle (#4474)
golangci/golangci-lint: docs/src/docs/usage/install/index.mdx

For example, in our [GitHub Action](https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint-action) we require users to explicitly set the minor version of `golangci-lint`
and we always use the latest patch version.

## Linter Deprecation Cycle

A linter can be deprecated for various reasons, e.g. the linter stops working with a newer version of Go or the author has abandoned its linter.

> The deprecation of a linter will follow 3 phases:

Reviewer: I propose to write these few sentences without `will` and highlight the most important phrases, like the following:

```
The deprecation of a linter follows three phases:

1. **Display of a warning message**: The linter can still be used (unless it's completely non-functional), but it's recommended to remove it from your configuration.
2. **Display of an error message**: At this point, you should remove the linter. The original implementation is replaced by a placeholder that does nothing.
3. **Removal of the linter** from golangci-lint.
```

1. A warning message will be displayed: you can still use it (except if it doesn't work at all anymore), but it's recommended to remove it from your configuration.
2. An error message will be displayed: now you should remove the linter. The implementation is replaced by a fake linter that does nothing.
3. The linter is removed from golangci-lint.

Each phase corresponds to a minor version:

- v1.100.0 -> warning message
- v1.101.0 -> error message

> - v1.102.0 -> linter removed

Author: It was a choice not to use current versions.
I can use old versions instead.

> Otherwise, the deprecated linters are removed from presets immediately when they are deprecated (phase 1).

Reviewer 2: Otherwise from what?
Maybe `Anyway` was meant?

For example, in our [GitHub Action](https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint-action) we require users to explicitly set the minor version of `golangci-lint`
and we always use the latest patch version.

## Linter Deprecation Cycle

> Sometimes a linter can be deprecated because:
> 
> - The linter stops working with a newer version of Go.
> - The author has abandoned its linter.

Reviewer 3: This looks like an exhausive list but there can be many more reasons. I wouldn't make it a list for that reason.

```suggestion
A linter can be deprecated for various reasons, e.g. the linter stops working with a newer version of Go or the author has abandoned its linter.
```
